-==-==-==-==-==-==-==-==-==-==-==-==-==-==-==-==-==-==-==-==-==-==-==-
This module uses wxWidgets
-==-==-==-==-==-==-==-==-==-==-==-==-==-==-==-==-==-==-==-==-==-==-==-

wxWindows Library Licence, Version 3.1
              ======================================

Copyright (c) 1998-2005 Julian Smart, Robert Roebling et al

Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute verbatim copies
of this licence document, but changing it is not allowed.

                     WXWINDOWS LIBRARY LICENCE
   TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COPYING, DISTRIBUTION AND MODIFICATION

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
under the terms of the GNU Library General Public Licence as published by
the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the Licence, or (at your
option) any later version.

This library is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT
ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU Library General Public
Licence for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU Library General Public Licence
along with this software, usually in a file named COPYING.LIB.  If not,
write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth
Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301 USA.

EXCEPTION NOTICE

1. As a special exception, the copyright holders of this library give
permission for additional uses of the text contained in this release of the
library as licenced under the wxWindows Library Licence, applying either
version 3.1 of the Licence, or (at your option) any later version of the
Licence as published by the copyright holders of version 3.1 of the Licence
document.

2. The exception is that you may use, copy, link, modify and distribute
under your own terms, binary object code versions of works based on the
Library.

3. If you copy code from files distributed under the terms of the GNU
General Public Licence or the GNU Library General Public Licence into a
copy of this library, as this licence permits, the exception does not apply
to the code that you add in this way.  To avoid misleading anyone as to the
status of such modified files, you must delete this exception notice from
such code and/or adjust the licensing conditions notice accordingly.

4. If you write modifications of your own for this library, it is your
choice whether to permit this exception to apply to your modifications.  If
you do not wish that, you must delete the exception notice from such code
and/or adjust the licensing conditions notice accordingly.



-==-==-==-==-==-==-==-==-==-==-==-==-==-==-==-==-==-==-==-==-==-==-==-
this module uses Boost
-==-==-==-==-==-==-==-==-==-==-==-==-==-==-==-==-==-==-==-==-==-==-==-

Boost Software License - Version 1.0 - August 17th, 2003

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person or organization
obtaining a copy of the software and accompanying documentation covered by
this license (the "Software") to use, reproduce, display, distribute,
execute, and transmit the Software, and to prepare derivative works of the
Software, and to permit third-parties to whom the Software is furnished to
do so, all subject to the following:

The copyright notices in the Software and this entire statement, including
the above license grant, this restriction and the following disclaimer,
must be included in all copies of the Software, in whole or in part, and
all derivative works of the Software, unless such copies or derivative
works are solely in the form of machine-executable object code generated by
a source language processor.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS OR ANYONE DISTRIBUTING THE SOFTWARE BE LIABLE
FOR ANY DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE,
ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER
DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.